OCPBUGS#51188: Added note to metallb doc about single IP address (#89196)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-metallb-configure-address-pool.adoc

Events:         <none>
----

> Confirm that the address pool name, such as `doc-example`, and the IP address ranges shown in the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirm that the address pool name, such as `doc-example`, and the IP address ranges are present in the output.
```

- Up to you
- Is this a verification step? If yes then `.Verification` can be used -- up to you

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
